are you asking
yourself how to get
in contact with a csm
member? good! we
want to hear from
you!csm xii has
opened a public
discord to solidify
another line of
communication
directly with council
members. if you're
interested, please
use this link to join:
hi folks,i've searched
the assembly hall
and checked the first
couple of pages and
can't find this topic
mentioned so here i
go.currently the
singularity mirror is
performed roughly
once every 3
months, so things
like account status
are locked until the
next mirror. although
i'm pretty sure in the
past that when my
subs lapsed and i
resubbed i just
submitted a support
ticket to get my
account updated....
will have a dig and
see if i can find
anything.the
problem now is with
the alpha and omega
accounts people are
finding that they
cannot use
singularity for any
omega related
testing as their
accounts are set to
alpha if this was the
state when the last
mirror was
performed.singularity
is a very useful
resource for players
and ccp as it gives
people an alternative
sandbox to test fits,
theories and plans
out without
consequence. this
also means that
players can
sometimes be
testing against a
newer codebase,
perhaps the next big
update from ccp. all
of this can only be
good for the
community and ccp
as it helps highlight
any issues with
updates and also
brings an amazing
tool to the table for
people to
utilise.people have
raised the issue
several times in the
test server feedback
thread but receive a
standard response
along the lines of
"we don't care - the
mirror will be done in
3 x months" and
then the threads are
locked.in the interest
of community
engagement and
keeping subscribers
surely this isn't the
best way to handle
the situation. now
singularity is sitting
on better hardware
(taken from
tranquility after it
received its
upgrade) surely it
would be possible to
perform a more
frequent update or
somehow design a
simple method for
players to update
their account status
(maybe from
account
management on the
website). if they are
able to make people
omega during the
mass tests surely it
would be easy to
write some code to
check the sub status
and then
automatically update
the status on
sisi.anyway thank
you for your time
and here is a link to
the original still open
thread in the test
server forum -
as with my previous
term i will be
continuing to track
both csm 12
attendance, produce
fortnightly updates,
and in general keep
you guys up to date
on what we're doing.
i've also decided to
experiment with
making an audio
version as i recieved
requests to do so, so
if you prefer that, let
me know. in addition
i started a fresh
attendance tracker
here. csm 12
inaugural update &
communication plan
- audio versionweeks
3 & 4 updateweeks 5
& 6 updateweeks 7
& 8 update
there is a dedicated
thread for "afk
cloaking" .
moved to player
feature and ideas.
coreli corporation,
guristas, sansha's
nation.these names
mean something to
us but also mean
nothing to many
more of us. these
are the little red x's
of yore, passing
irritants at gates to
be sidestepped and
ignored, mission kill
objectives, haven
rats. in the mighty
world of eve there is
the opportunity to
somewhat work with
the pirate factions
within their own
space. you run
missions for them
and are
compensated
monetarily and with
lp for your time. we
understand this is
just a mechanical
novelty, introduced
years after the
games creation to
make this 0.0 npc
space semi livable.
i'd like to expand on
a few of these
ideas.with the
ongoing projects
surrounding making
more pirate ships in
the game a terrible
oversight has been
committed by the
developers at ccp.
this oversight stems
from a lack of
producing more
meaningful ways to
interact with the very
pirate factions we
should ostensibly be
working with in order
to achieve our aims.
right now so very
much pandering is
happening to those
in deep null, the
vociferous groups of
nay-sayers whom
spend much of their
spare time "ratting"
(though whether this
refers to killing things
which breed like
rats, or running a rat
race is a saying i
have never been
adequately
explained) and
chasing their cheap
isk that no
consideration is
seemingly given for
the near always
abandoned sections
of space to which no
man can give
allegience. you
could theoretically
own a system by
planting a citadel in
it, now, until
someone else
contests this with
their own citadel.
you will periodically
find some smaller
null entities resting
their heels in null
while they grow fat
on easy lp items.
you might even
optimistically find a
proper null
inhabitant who lives
in pirate space for
the thrill of it, the
ease of access to
surrounding sov null
space. but you will
never find an actual
npc corp player of
this kind. i am not
specifically
requesting the ability
to join guristas
pirates although this
would be pretty cool.
in an abstract kind of
way you could
become your own
character like
estamel or thon, a
known entity within a
given factions space.
getting rewards in
money and lp for
killing people with
very low gurista
standings, potentially
even getting a
greatly expanded lp
store with which to
buy things and make
otherwise unique
investments that few
others would care
for. within the faction
itself killing other
guristas members
would be shunned
far less than in other
organisations. we
are pirates after all.
leading an overt war
against caldari navy
being optional,
defending from
incursions by other
pirate factions or
drifters another
novelty of the
space.it seems odd
to me that we cannot
buy dreadgurista
items in lp stores.
despite cn/dg items
being objectively
worse than c-types
(which is
understandable but
sad) or t2
(unacceptable) these
items are just not
available at all from
the lp store. as part
of building a
narrative and
maintaining some
useful grounding for
ship construction i
think that having a
much expanded lp
store is essential to
any further iterations
on npc pirate space.
a greater focus on
kill missions in
hostile space like fw
does with its
missions. traveling in
to sov null or hostile
pirate space for
incredible rewards
but fraught with the
danger that comes
naturally from these
things. killing people
running ded sites if
you find them
relevant to your
faction thus
awarding lp and
money.a great
expansion of ideas
for immersion and
gameplay is
possible. taking
existing ideas
already in the game
and putting them out
in the far reaches of
space, we know that
fw works because
every day people
are being killed in
complexes. we know
however that drifters
have been almost
completely
abandoned by the
devs, the proposed
drifter space and
drifter lp store from 2
years ago never
materialised, their
incursions closed
and their ai an
exploitable mess.
perhaps with these
new blood raider
citadel complexes a
push in a more
tangible direction is
occuring but i'd
rather cut to the
chase and make
more of those 1%
improvements to the
game which provide
more benefit for less
effort.drifters were a
noble venture and i
applaud you but it as
a feature it is
incomplete and this
saddens me greatly.
let's get some more
love to the now
decaying and rickety
npc system in null
which has been left
to gather dust for
almost a decade.
i would like to know
the position of our
csm council in
regard to the issues
with not being able
to use plex for
character transfers.is
it really a difficult
issue with the new
plex and when will it
be solved.i really
dislike the lack of
response from ccp!!!
ccp haven't shared a
time to fix with us,
just that it's a
technical issue (yes,
it's more complicated
than turning a 2 into
a 1000. the
underlying systems
have changed)it's
obviously something
which we'd like to
see resolved, with
the option returning.
for my own curiosity,
is your query to do
with it being
something you're
wanting to do in the
near future, or just
because it's an
option which isn't
currently available?

can we please get
back the option to
turn this new
garbage off?
plex is a massive
**** you by ccp to its
player base. anyone
who thinks the
bonus plex is going
to stay is diluted. it
cost more $$$ now
to get 1m of game
time compared to
before. before you
could buy a 6 pack
for 105, now you
send 105 and you
still don't have 6 and
that is with the
"bonus". its base
value just over 4.
such a **** screw
job.
about 4 cents more.
thank you for your
response, i respect
that.reason i am
asking is; i use the
transfer a character
for plex option
always and i use it
several times per
year.it is a part of my
gaming style which i
enjoy immensly.i buy
stripped or build up
characters from
scratch and sell
them when they are
usefull for certain
tasks.ccp took away
a large chunk of the
fun to play eve and
for that matter the
way ccp did this
made me very very
angry.not informing
people with a
propper time and
implementing a
gamechanging issue
in a sneaky way is
not how ccp should
behave towards the
players.i hope you
guys (the csm) can
help us (many are
angry and
dissapointed in the
way ccp handles this
issue).thx for the
good work.
no problem. part of
what i'm here for.just
to be clear, this isn't
really ccp
implementing a
game change. it's
ccp _not_ doing
something, which i
suspect affects a
small number of
people (i'm not
downplaying how
much it affects those
people. i just suspect
it's a small number
of people) before
they roll out
something which
affects a far larger
people. same effect,
but a different mind
set. one is active 'i'll
take this away', one
is more passive 'i
won't block the
deployment, and
we'll get to it later'
maybe the back end
code is an even
bigger charlie foxtrot
than i thought, but
shouldn't it be pretty
easy to add a
"character transfer
certificate" item to
the game, point
character transfer
code at that item id
instead of the plex
id, and then sell it in
the $ store? no need
to rewrite the code
to accept nuplex,
just point it at a
different item. might
be considered a
temporary fix, but
unless the code is
way way worse than
i thought, it should
be pretty easy to add
an item to a couple
databases. this
smells more like not
giving a rat's ass
than it being too
hard.
good point, i like it.
it's more complicated
than that. (there are
many simple
solutions to hard
problems. which
don't work)
"for every complex
problem there's a
solution that is clear,
simple and wrong." -
- h.l. mencken
in terms of positions
on the subject, i don't
think (they can
correct me if i'm
wrong) anyone is in
favour of this
change, and the
majority of us have
talked to ccp about
it.personally i believe
ccp on the technical
side of this as i have
no reason to mistrust
them, but i honestly
feel this is
something that
should have been
feature critical to the
nuplex transition. it
takes something
that's an in-game
function and makes
it for rl cash only,
which doesn't really
mesh with the
overall design of eve
(not to mention the
interests of the
players), and as
such it's something i
have actively pushed
against.
hopefully this
proposal has been
noticed by the new
csm to help them
give ccp some ideas
for future changes to
pve.dmc
can you tell me the
particular issues you
are having with the
new d-scan ui?
contributer to eve is
easy:<U+FFFD>
could be ccp
response to the
'ghost training' bug ?
watch and see if
ghost training and
char. sales using
plex are both fixed at
the same time ..
but getting things
sorted for the at plex
mechanism was a
breeze ...
csm 13 will happen!
