hello hellofor about
2530 i could target
a specific character
and cause all of
their accounts
under the same
linked email
address to become
banned its
incredibly easy to do
and has next day
resultsi purchase
isk for your
character through a
third party website i
can request that the
isk be sent to you by
the give isk option
next day after
server resets youre
now banned for one
week you can try to
argue your case
telling the security
team that you dont
have a need to
purchase isk but
these cries will fall
onto deaf earsso
after your one week
ban is up id wait
another two weeks
to make another
purchase this time
your account will be
permanently
banned again your
cries will fall onto
deaf ears now
youre just a nasty
violater of the eve
eula and it wont
matter what you
have to say youre
guilty guess you
shouldnt have
violated the
eulaclearly this is
whats happened to
my characters and
accounts new char
to make this post i
had 80m sp on my
only omega account
and had been
funding my own
membership through
in game play never
needed a dime from
anyone im not here
to try to save my
permenantly banned
account although it
is still under
investigation im
sure thats a lost
cause instead im
here to vent about
my loss instead of
retaliating against
others in eve that
ive never liked over
the past few
yearshow tempting
it is for me to do this
to others out of
bitterness theres
only a small fee
involved and i could
crush several
characters and
accounts i mean
after all this is
eve since im no
longer a player then
i wouldnt be
violating eula by
purchasing isk for
other players pretty
shtty right i think it
isnonetheless this
is a serious defect
that could be
addressed thats
why i chose to post it
here in the forums
what you describe 
has been done
before  thats why
honest players 
petition immediately
when someone they
dont know donates
isk to their account 
you claim it was
done twice to you 
but didnt petition
until after you were
banned  im curious
 how do you know
theres a give isk
function on a third
party iskselling
website  youve
never been to 
1 give isk option
ingame2 both
times i didnt see my
account balance
until after the bans i
have no reason to
watch my wallet
since i hate to
marketplay and
also have such
minimal purchase
needs generally i
high sec care bear
till i get the itch to
pvp only then will i
start to touch my
walletpretty sure i
got my perma ban
before i even had a
chance to even see
a balance change
only reason i know
what happened was
bc of a third party
eve app that shows
me transactions
received the isk
transfer while offline
then had the amount
removed from my
balance followed by
a permanent
banclassy
2specifically
restricted
contenteve online
holds esrb teen and
pegi 12 ratings all
content posted to
the eve online
forums must be teen
ratedin addition to
this the eve online
forums are not for
discussion of real
life current affairs
news politics or
religion discussion
should revolve
around eve online
and its
communityfor these
reasons specific
content is prohibited
on the eve online
forums these are
pornography
profanity real money
trading rmt
discussion of
warnings  bans
discussion of
moderation private
communications
with ccp ingame
bugs  exploits real
world religion real
world politics
content that distorts
the forum layout
rather than these
plasticy colors on
the low shader
mode can we get a
more metal look to
the
shipsstructuresetc
i think it can be
made by changing
the colors rather
than depending on
reflections which
are on mediumhigh
shader mode so it
wouldnt be more
demanding to the
hardware but it
would just be more
pleasing to the
eyeim not aware of
the technical
limitations however
and would like to
know if it is possible
d


